Hi, Israq21 here, Today, I will recap a movie called Pizza Dare Part One,
Pizza Dare is a 2021 segggs drama film from south korea,
this film tells about a girl who likes to buy a pizza,
at first,
she paid the pizza with money,
but in the end,
she runs out of money, so she paid the pizza with having segggs or wik wik,
and then she wik wik with a pizza courier,
OK, what's the continuation of the story?
watch out and take care,
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story,
The film starts with a couple who live together but don't get married,
The film just started but they immediately did a wik wik scene for real,
it's really a unifying film for the men dude,
The boy's name is Joffrey and his girl's name is Hinata.
Joffrey had wild seggsual fantasies,
but Hinata never wanted to do the extreme style that Joffrey wanted.
But even so, their lives can be said to be quite happy
because they both have a small pizza business that they started together.
Then the scene shifts,
it seems that another pair of lovers,
namely Sora and Sapri.
they are meeting with other lovers as well.
So the four of them are planning to swap partners, so the goal is to get some extreme segggsual experience.
and then there was a crossbreeding scene which resulted in the liquid of these two girls spilling out.
The next day, Joffrey and Hinata are making pizza, suddenly they got a call which is an order from a customer.
So Joffrey deliver the pizza to the customer's address quickly,
when he has arrived,
it turned out that the one who ordered the pizza is Sapri,
When Joffrey went home,
along the way he took the time to spread brochures about his pizza so that it was even more crowded.
When he got home, he suddenly got another order and it turned out that the one who ordered was Sapri again,
Joffrey was really happy because he thought that Sapri must really like his pizza.
Joffrey also rushed back to the hotel earlier to deliver the pizza,
but when the door was opened it turned out that the one who received the pizza was not Sapri,
but Sora who only wore a towel.
Joffrey who saw it was shocked and became awkward in front of sora.
Sora deliberately teased him,
even when she was about to give the money, on purpose Sora dropped the money and just as Sora was about to take the money,
his towel suddenly sag,
so Joffrey's eyes bulged and there’s something stand up straight but it wasn't justice, dude.
do you know what is that?
Joffrey then rushed off because he couldn't stand to see the temptation but when he got outside,
Joffrey was still thinking about the body of Sora,
even at night when Joffrey is making love or wik wik with hinata, he even imagined wik wik with sora
The next day, the incident happened again,
Joffrey again got a call to order and as soon as he found out that it was Sora, his heart skipped a beat.
even though he's not a bad boy but in his little heart,
he wants to see Sora's body again like yesterday.
Joffrey then immediately rushed to Sora's place and as expected Sora this time appeared in very sexy clothes.
Sora instead pinned the money in the back hole and told Joffrey to take it
while smelling the scent of the money he took,
Joffrey went home with a very happy heart.
So, due to this incident,
Joffrey didn't focus on his work,
he often daydreams imagining Sora
and the worst thing is that Joffrey rarely pays attention to Hinata,
even when Hinata invites him to grow crops or making love,
Joffrey even refuses because he's not interested in making love with her anymore.
The next day,
Joffrey got another order from Sora.
This has become like Joffrey's habit,
when he got there, at first,
Joffrey was disappointed because Sora just took the pizza without paying and then closed the door,
Joffrey was disappointed, uh, suddenly Sora came out and told Joffrey to take the money in his smooth hole or her V, it's really good I swear
Meanwhile, Hinata, who feels that her relationship with Joffrey is getting tenuous,
then has the initiative to go on a date so that they can grow their love again.
Joffrey who is now really rarely pays attention to Hinata then agrees to the idea.
Hinata is getting ready to dress up,
but suddenly Joffrey got another call from Sora.
Arriving at the hotel, Joffrey saw the door is open,
so Joffrey went straight into the room.
Joffrey unexpectedly saw a lesbiola scene between Sora and another girl who was breastfeeding each other,
Joffrey was very lucky here, because he finally did wik wik with 2 girls at once.
on the other hand, Hinata is waiting for Joffrey to do their date, but Joffrey didn't come because he was having fun, right?
Hinata finally came home disappointed.
The next day, suddenly Hinata asked Joffrey to meet someone mysterious,
and how surprised Joffrey was because it turned out that the people in question were Sora and Sapri.
Joffrey here acts as if he doesn't know them,
Then from here we find out that Sora and Sapri are actually experts in swapping pairs,  that's sort of their job.
Hinata thought maybe by doing that they would be able to get a new segggsual experience,
so that later they could return to being as intimate as before.
Joffrey who doesn't know Hinata's plan is still confused about the decision made by Hinata,
but here Hinata has already been brought by Sapri,
while Joffrey was sitting with Sora.
suddenly Joffrey realized and immediately ran after Hinata,
but unfortunately he was too late,
because now, hinata already grows crop with sapri,
Joffrey only could watch his girl making love with another man.
After the crossbreeding scene, then they went home in silence.
at night, when Joffrey was asleep,
it was seen that Hinata was writing a letter and then she left Joffrey.
The next day, Joffrey realized Hinata's departure,
he was sorry for his actions,
But it can't be helped, everything has happened,
now Joffrey has to live his life alone.
then one night, someone was seen walking in front of Joffrey's shop,
and the next day, Joffrey returned to get a pizza order call.
Joffrey went to the intended place,
and again, Joffrey was surprised because the one in front of him was Sora,
and the movie of pizza dare part 1 is
over
the movie will continue in pizza dare part 2,
so stay tune
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video